I saw the world.
Okay.
Yup.
All right. So...
Japanese pop, jazz pop.
Oh wow. So specific.
Really? Oh, I didn't know that.
mmh
Cassiopeia? Wow.
Long time ago, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. mmh.
I'm craving.
How about you? What do you listen to?
mmh
That's, I'd like to disagree.
I disagree. You listen to so much music. Oh my gosh.
Every week he'd come to me, he'd be like, Naoko, listen to this.
I heard the snake go like that.
Oh. Okay. ay, okay okay... Okay.
Yeah. He went down a rabbit hole, like, during COVID.
That's what made him.
Yeah.
mollo
A composer not? Okay. Co- composer or artist?
mmh
Yeah.
Mmh.
mmh
mmh. Yeah.
Yes.
mmh
mmh. mmh.
Yeah.
It's stylistic.
Or like being like a showman, or like
being like a performer, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right.
mmh
It's so good.
Yeah.
What's your favorite chord? Oh my gosh when I was a student like like literally
like the boys behind me in my first theory class, that's what they were talking about.
They got to know each other and they were like, hey what's your favorite chord? And I was like nerds.
Yeah, with that diminished 7th, it's really quick. It's really great.
I was like... fuck.
Interesting.
C major. That's probably your favorite. C major.
Yeah...
probably, mmh
Do you have a favorite chord?
piano
It's like
you're missing likes...